---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    StroQ - A Polarium/Chokkan Hitofude Clone
                              (C) 2005, Luc Vo Van
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

May 16th 2005: version 0.2

StroQ is an addictive puzzle game where you have to flip white and black
tiles in order to form horizontal lines of the same color in a single
stroke of your mouse. StroQ runs under Windows, Linux/*BSD and Mac OSX.


1. Introduction
3. Installing/Building
2. Playing StroQ
4. Internet Connectivity
5. Thanks and Credits
6. License

1. Introduction
     StroQ is a clone of the puzzle game Polarium/Chokkan Hitofude which
     was originally available on the Nintendo DS, and played with a pen.
     If you have already played these games, note that StroQ currently
     implements only their "puzzle" mode.

2. Playing StroQ
     The goal of the game is simple, draw a continuous line, the stroke,
     from one square on the puzzle to another. When you run the puzzle
     (press F5) white and black squares along this line will flip over
     (white becoming black, and black becoming white).
     
     All uniform horizontal lines (all white, or all black) will then
     disappear. The puzzle is solved when all white and black squares have
     disappeared.
     
     You can draw the stroke by:
       - Left-clicking on a square with and holding it while moving the
         cursor
       - Left-clicking on squares successively, the stroke will be extended
         with each valid left-click
       - Use the arrows on your keyboard to move the end of the stroke,
         provided you have already placed the first end of the stroke on a
         square by left-clicking
     
     You can erase the current stroke by:
       - Resetting the puzzle (F4)
       - Right clicking anywhere on puzzle

3. Installing/Building
     The Qt 3.3.x libraries are required in order to run stroke. Building
     the game from source code requires the Qt development package (dev)
     as well as GCC. If you are building with Visual Studio, you'll need
     the Microsoft C++ compiler at least in its version 7.0.

     To install from a binary package, just extract the archive which will
     create a StroQ/ directory, and run the StroQ executable within.
     
     Building from source:
      Unix/MacOSX
       Extract the source package, which will create a StroQ/ directory,
       and run:
       
         qmake -project             // Creates a Makefile for your platform
         qmake
         make                       // Starts building the game
         ./StroQ                    // Launches the game


      OSX Specific
       On OSX, you probably want to build StroQ with its icon, and compile
       it using Apple's XCode IDE. The build process is then done as
       follows

       export QMAKESPEC=macx-pbuilder
       qmake -project
       echo "RC_FILE = bundle/icon.icns" >> StroQ.pro
       qmake
       [Run XCode, open StroQ.xcode, compile, run]
    
     
      Windows/Visual Studio
       You will need to have Qt 3.x for Windows. As with the Unix build,
       run qmake -project and qmake. Open the generated .pro file from
       Visual Studio 2003 and compile. StroQ requires you to enable
       RTTI (/GR) to produce a working binary.
       Using Visual Studio, go into the project properties, C/C++,
       language, and enable RTTI.
       
4. Internet Connectivity
     StroQ has very limited internet support. It can connect to the StroQ
     website and download what is called the "Puzzle of the Day". As you
     have probably guessed, this puzzle is updated everyday to keep players
     entertained.
     
     Internet support in StroQ does not current work with proxies, but will
     in the near future. Sorry about that.
       
5. Thanks and Credits
     Contribution by Ahmad Ait Mouss (code), XiaoGuang Li for the
     graphics. I would like to thank the puzzle contributors from the
     Polarium GameFAQs message boards (http://www.gamefaqs.com) including
     Herb007 (al1125), NickJ, Perdevious, Evan1109, Avalanche,
     OriginalCracker, TS2Master, skarmachild5000, nonexistinghero,
     pikaafro, klasoen, menmanelf and many others!
     Some puzzles used with permission from the Follarium project
     (http://www.polarium-puzzles.com/) by jandujar.

     I would like to thank everyone from #tukif for their trollesque
     support as well as my colleagues for making me realize that playing
     small games can definitely be fun. Thanks to Trolltech for making Qt
     freely available to free software developments; your toolkit turned
     C++ into something usable, even by the likes of me :)
     
     I would like not to thank Blizzard for their MMORPG has taken away
     many hours of coding away from StroQ, and sleeping in general. I'm
     just a willing victim :)

     I develop this software in my spare time and any feedback, even a
     simple "Hello I play StroQ once in a while" is always greatly
     appreciated. This is also my first project written in C++ so please
     be indulgent, and don't hesitate to submit suggestions and/or
     patches.
     
     If you like this game, consider buying the Nintendo DS game Polarium
     (titled 'Chokkan Hitofude' in Japan) from which StroQ was more than
     largely inspired.

6. License
     StroQ is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
     under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
     Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any
     later version.

     StroQ is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
     WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
     General Public License for more details.

     You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
     along with StroQ; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
     the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,
     Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

     Polarium, Nintendo DS, Chokkan Hitofude are registered trademarks
     of Nintendo and/or MITCHELL.
     Chokkan Hitofude, (C) 2004-2005  Nintendo/MITCHELL.
     Polarium, (C)2004-2005  Nintendo/MITCHELL.
